+++
action = "How about trying out life as an Old Testament prophet –\n\n1. Take an item of clothing and hide it under a rock\n2. Build a model city and attack it\n3. Walk around in your underpants\n\n   Or\n4. Next time you bbq use cow poo"
content_img_path = ""
date = 2020-04-24T06:06:59Z
excerpt = ""
layout = "post"
order = 19
place = "Finally - have a look at the back of your card. What does it say? You can now place your card onto your story line."
prayer = "Dear God,\n\nThank you for giving warnings through the prophets because you love your people. Sorry for the times I have disobeyed you. Thank you that you sent the promised rescuer. Help me to live and speak and act for you today.\n\nAmen\n\nPray it +   Ask the Lord to give you his Holy Spirit so you can hear messages from him for other people."
qrcode = "/uploads/qr-more-prophets.png"
questions = "* Have you ever had to do any speaking or acting I public? How did you find it?\n\n**The prophets spoke and acted out God’s messages to his people. This was not an easy job!**\n\n* How did Jeremiah feel about being called to do this? Jeremiah 1:6\n* What did God promise him? 1:8\n\n**Jeremiah thought he was too young to hear from God and speak for him.**\n\n* How did God reassure him? Jeremiah 1:5&8\n* How does it make you feel that God also wants to speak and act through you?\n\n**Have a look in the index at the front of your Bible and you will see that the whole Bible is arranged into different styles of communication. The final section is books names after prophets – from Isaiah through to Malachi.**\n\n* How many are there in total?\n\n**Put your finger in the beginning of the book Isaiah and another finger at the end of Malachi.**\n\n* What percentage of the Old Testament do you think this might be? \n\n**That is a lot of prophecy!   These prophets cover hundreds of years (approx 800-400BC) and they were very different types of people. Jeremiah cried a lot. Jonah had authority issues. Ezekiel had crazy dreams. Hosea had relationship problems and Amos really offended rich people - but together they brought one big overall message.**\n\n* What were some of the crazy things the prophets did to warn Israel what would happen if they kept disobeying God?\n\n**Read Ezekiel 4:1-3**\n\n_1God said, “Mortal man, get a brick, put it in front of you, and scratch lines on it to represent the city of Jerusalem. 2Then, to represent a siege, put trenches, earthworks, camps, and battering rams all round it. 3Take an iron pan and set it up like a wall between you and the city. Face the city. It is under siege, and you are the one besieging it. This will be a sign to the nation of Israel._\n\n**Ezekiel used an ancient equivalent of lego to build a model as a warning.** \n\n* What was going to happen?\n\n**As well as these warning also gave promises of a person who would come to save them from their enemies and sin. Read what the prophet Micah said:**\n\nMicah 5:2,4-5\n\n[_2_](https://www.biblesociety.org.uk/explore-the-bible/read/eng/GNB/Mic/5/#MIC.5.2!x.1 \"Click to view cross reference\")_The LORD says, “Bethlehem Ephrathah, you are one of the smallest towns in Judah, but out of you I will bring a ruler for Israel, whose family line goes back to ancient times.”_ \n\n_4When he comes, he will rule his people with the strength that comes from the LORD and with the majesty of the LORD God himself. His people will live in safety because people all over the earth will acknowledge his greatness, 5and he will bring peace._\n\n* Who is Micah talking about?\n\n**We’ve all disobeyed God but because of the rescuer we can not only be forgiven but we can also become part of his team like the prophets.**"
read_scripture = "The LORD said to me, “I chose you before I gave you life, and before you were born I selected you to be a prophet to the nations.”\nI answered, “Sovereign LORD, I don't know how to speak; I am too young.”\nBut the LORD said to me, “Do not say that you are too young, but go to the people I send you to, and tell them everything I command you to say.  Do not be afraid of them, for I will be with you to protect you. I, the LORD, have spoken!”"
review = ""
scripture = "Jeremiah 1:4-8"
subtitle = "Hear God's heart"
thumb_img_path = "/uploads/more-prophets.png"
timeline = "Messengers"
title = "More Prophets"
watch = "<iframe width=\"560\" height=\"315\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/sumaXbjP2Kg\" frameborder=\"0\" allow=\"accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture\" allowfullscreen></iframe>\n"

+++
