+++
action = "Watch this amazing story about Darrell Tunningley who like Paul totally changed his mind about Jesus. \n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=7&v=SBCywwPStSY&feature=emb_logo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=7&v=SBCywwPStSY&feature=emb_logo \"https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=7&v=SBCywwPStSY&feature=emb_logo\")"
date = 2020-04-24T20:14:17Z
description = "The Greatest Story Ever is a family devotional course.  Through daily sessions discover how each story, character and event in the Bible forms part of the whole, and learn how we can live it today. Simple to run. Fun. Free. No prior knowledge is required."
layout = "post"
order = 35
place = "Finally - have a look at the back of your card. What does it say? You can now place your card onto your story line."
prayer = "Grab the names of friends that we wrote out last session. Hand them out. Let's pray for them by name. \n\nDear God,\n\nThank you for meeting with Saul and turning him around to be a Jesus follower and leader. Thank you that no one is out of the reach of your love.  I pray that you would help my friends \\[say their names\\] to come to know Jesus. Help me not to write anyone off but to believe the best for everyone.\n\nAmen"
qrcode = ""
questions = "* Have you ever completely changed your mind about something or someone (a football team, food, person)?\n\n**As we saw in the last session many of the religious leaders hated Jesus’ followers -Saul was one of them.**\n\n* What new city is Saul going to and why?\n\n**Saul was on his way to arrest Christians in Damascus, the capital of Syria. Still today Syria can be a dangerous place to be a Jesus follower.**\n\n* Can you name another country where it is dangerous to be a Christian?\n\n**On the way to Damascus Saul had a life changing experience.**\n\n* What happened?\n\n**It was Jesus that stopped Saul on his deadly mission.**\n\n* What did Jesus say to Saul?\n\n**Even though Saul was attacking Christians. Jesus said he was actually hurting him.**\n\n* What does this tell us about how close Jesus is to his followers?\n\n**Later on Paul writes letters that compare the church to a body with Jesus as the head.**\n\nIf you hurt someone's body how does their head feel?\n\n**On the road Jesus met Saul in a powerful way.**\n\n* How did this effect Saul physically?\n\n**Saul was blind for three days, but for the first time he could clearly see the truth.**\n\n* What did Saul completely change his mind about?\n* What else changed about Saul?\n\n**Saul became Paul and spent the rest of his life traveling and telling everyone he met about Jesus. He was the most influential Christian leader ever.**\n\n* Why is this a big surprise?\n\n**Saul would have been the least likely person for this task.**\n\n* How does the change in Saul inspire us not to write off anyone from becoming a Jesus follower?"
read_scripture = "\n\nIn the meantime Saul kept up his violent threats of murder against the followers of the Lord.  He went to the High Priest and asked for letters of introduction to the synagogues in Damascus, so that if he should find there any followers of the Way of the Lord, he would be able to arrest them, both men and women, and bring them back to Jerusalem.\n\nAs Saul was coming near the city of Damascus, suddenly a light from the sky flashed round him. He fell to the ground and heard a voice saying to him, “Saul, Saul! Why do you persecute me?”\n\n“Who are you, Lord?” he asked.\n\n“I am Jesus, whom you persecute,” the voice said.\n"
review = "Tell the story so far, using the cards from previous days along the storyline.   Now take a look at the next card…"
scripture = "Acts 9: 1-5"
subtitle = "Seeing the light "
thumb_img_path = "/uploads/paul.png"
timeline = "Mission"
title = "Saul --> Paul"
watch = "<iframe width=\"560\" height=\"315\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/IlXFy3zjJh4\" frameborder=\"0\" allow=\"accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture\" allowfullscreen></iframe>"

+++
