+++
action = "Draw a picture or write a couple of ideas down about how you would like God to use you."
date = 2020-04-24T20:14:53Z
description = "The Greatest Story Ever is a family devotional course.  Through daily sessions discover how each story, character and event in the Bible forms part of the whole, and learn how we can live it today. Simple to run. Fun. Free. No prior knowledge is required."
layout = "post"
order = 36
place = "Finally - have a look at the back of your card. What does it say? You can now place your card onto your story line."
prayer = "Dear God,\n\nThank you for how you worked through Paul to tell people about Jesus and start new churches. Help me to join the team and see you work powerfully through my life. Help me to get ready for the adventures you have lined up for me.\n\nAmen"
qrcode = ""
questions = "* What is the longest journey you have ever been on?\n\n**Paul travelled huge distances to share the good news of Jesus and start new churches. He had many adventures along the way.**\n\n* How many miles did Paul travel?\n\n100 +\n\n1,000+\n\n10,000 +\n\n* How many churches did he establish?\n\n2+\n\n5+\n\n10+\n\n* How many years was Paul imprisoned in total?\n\n1\n\n3\n\n5\n\n* How many times was Paul shipwrecked?\n\n2\n\n3\n\n6\n\n**Paul also had friends who joined him on his adventures.**\n\n* Which of the following became part of his team?\n\nLydia / Barnabas / Dave / Silas / Toby / Judy\n\n\\[_ANSWERS – 10,000 / 10+ / 10,000+ / 5 / 3  / Lydia & Barnabas & Silas_ \\]\n\n**On one of their trips Paul and Silas made it to Philippi, an important city in modern day Greece. They started a church here. The people who joined were an interesting bunch!**\n\n* What was the name of the lady who joined them and what was her business? Acts 16:14\n\n**The next person was a slave girl who pestered them for days.**\n\n* What happened next and how did this land them in prison?\n* In prison what were Paul and Silas doing at midnight? What happened next? Acts 16:25\n* How did God use this rather weird set of circumstances to bring a whole family into the church?\n\n**Think about who became Jesus’ followers in Phillipi – a wealthy business woman, a poor girl, a tough jailer and his family.**\n\n* What does this show us about who the church is for?\n\n**Phillip was just one city. Paul had many other adventures. Wherever he went new friends joined him and God did amazing miracles.**\n\n**God’s got adventures lined up for each one of us. Imagine the places God may take you and the miracles he could do through you.**\n\n* How does that make you feel?"
read_scripture = "\n[In Philippi] one of those who heard us was Lydia… who was a dealer in purple cloth. She was a woman who worshipped God, and the Lord opened her mind to pay attention to what Paul was saying. \n\n[sometime later in prison…]\n\nAbout midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God, and the other prisoners were listening to them. Suddenly there was a violent earthquake… The jailer woke up, and when he saw the prison doors open, he thought that the prisoners had escaped; so he pulled out his sword and was about to kill himself. But Paul shouted at the top of his voice, “Don't harm yourself! We are all here!”\nThe jailer called for a light, rushed in, and fell trembling at the feet of Paul and Silas. Then he led them out and asked, “Sirs, what must I do to be saved?”\nThey answered, “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved — you and your family.”\n"
review = "Tell the story so far, using the cards from previous days along the storyline.  Now take a look at the next card…"
scripture = "Acts 16: 14, 25-31"
subtitle = "Mission with friends"
thumb_img_path = ""
timeline = "Mission"
title = "Paul's Adventures"
watch = "<iframe width=\"560\" height=\"315\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/BK8MM42pi1A\" frameborder=\"0\" allow=\"accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture\" allowfullscreen></iframe>\n\n<iframe width=\"560\" height=\"315\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/5t_3BuseTS0\" frameborder=\"0\" allow=\"accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture\" allowfullscreen></iframe>"

+++
