+++
action = "Find out how many followers of Jesus there are in the world today. You’ll be amazed at the answer. Write the number out in full with all the zeros! \n\nAsk Alexa, Siri, google or wikipedia. \n\n[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_population_growth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_population_growth \"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_population_growth\")"
date = 2020-04-24T20:12:27Z
description = "The Greatest Story Ever is a family devotional course.  Through daily sessions discover how each story, character and event in the Bible forms part of the whole, and learn how we can live it today. Simple to run. Fun. Free. No prior knowledge is required."
images = ["/uploads/social-pentecost.png"]
layout = "post"
order = 33
place = "Finally - have a look at the back of your card. What does it say? You can now place your card onto your story line."
prayer = "Dear God,\n\nThank you for sending the gift of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost. Thank you that as followers of Jesus we can be filled with your Holy Spirit today. Help me to overcome my fears and share the good news of Jesus boldly. Thank you that we can be part of your church, an amazing worldwide family.\n\nAmen"
qrcode = ""
questions = "**On the day of Pentecost the Holy Spirit came to Jesus’ friends in the form of wind and fire, an experience they would never forget!**\n\n* What’s the best fire you have enjoyed?\n* What is the strongest wind you have experienced?\n\n**In the Old Testament God’s Spirit was only for special people like priests and kings.**\n\n* But, on the day of Pentecost who was filled with the Holy Spirit? Acts 2:4\n\n**The symbol of wind shows how powerful God is. The symbol of fire shows how pure and holy God is.**\n\n* On the day of Pentecost where does the fire come from and where does it settle? Acts 2:3\n* What does this show about the way Jesus’ followers now experience God?\n\n**Remember back to Genesis at the Tower of Babel when God confused people’s languages so they couldn’t understand each other.**\n\n* How does the Holy Spirit begin to reverse this? \\[Tease out how the crowd heard about God in their own languages and found a new unity in Jesus.\\]\n\n**As Jesus’ followers began to speak in lots of languages a large crowd gathered.**\n\n* Which of Jesus’ followers then got up and began to boldly tell them about Jesus?\n\n**Peter’s new boldness is amazing. Even though he was one of Jesus’ closest followers, only a few weeks earlier he’d denied even knowing Him.**\n\n* What does this difference in Peter show us about how the Holy Spirit can help us change?\n\n**Because the Holy Spirit gave Peter boldness loads of people heard about Jesus the rescuer. This is how he finished his message:**\n\n_Peter said to them, “Each one of you must turn away from your sins and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, so that your sins will be forgiven; and you will receive God's gift, the Holy Spirit.”_ Acts 2:38\n\n* What two amazing gifts did Peter promise those who turned to Jesus?\n* How many people decided to join Jesus’ followers on that day? Acts 2:42\n\n**On the day of Pentecost a new community of Jesus’ followers started.**\n\n* What did they get up to when they met together? Acts 2:43\n\n**Today we call this community the church. The Holy Spirit joins us together as one big family made up of different languages and cultures all across the world.**"
read_scripture = "\nWhen the day of Pentecost came, all the believers were gathered together in one place. Suddenly there was a noise from the sky which sounded like a strong wind blowing, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. Then they saw what looked like tongues of fire which spread out and touched each person there. They were all filled with the Holy Spirit and began to talk in other languages, as the Spirit enabled them to speak…\n\n…Many others believed Peter’s message and were baptised, and about 3,000 people were added to the group that day. They spent their time in learning from the apostles, taking part in the fellowship, and sharing in the fellowship meals and the prayers.\n\n"
review = "Tell the story so far, using the cards from previous days along the storyline. Now take a look at the next card….."
scripture = "Acts 2;1-4, 41-42"
subtitle = "The church is born "
thumb_img_path = "/uploads/pentecost.png"
timeline = "Mission"
timeline_position = ""
title = "Pentecost"
watch = "<iframe width=\"560\" height=\"315\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/OMQKy1Mx49M\" frameborder=\"0\" allow=\"accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture\" allowfullscreen></iframe>"

+++
